Update operating_system.md (#26496)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/installation/operating_system.md

  efibootmgr --create --disk /dev/<drivename> --part 1 --label "HAOS" \
     --loader '\EFI\BOOT\bootx64.efi'
  ```
The efibootmgr command will only work if you booted the live operating system in UEFI mode, so be sure to boot from your USB flash drive in this mode.

> Depending on your privileges on the prompt, you may need to run efibootmgr with sudo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The efibootmgr command will only work if you booted the live operating system in UEFI mode, so be sure to boot from your USB flash drive in this mode.
Depending on your privileges on the prompt, you may need to run efibootmgr using sudo.
```
